Sending messages to topics is obviously very similar.
I'm going to copy the existing method I have to send a message to a queue,
and rename it to sendTextMessageToTopic.
Rather than creating a queue reference,
I'm creating a topic reference to a topic called TEST_TOPIC.
That's pretty much all you need to do.
You notice that if you actually pass in the destination object,
that is the queue or the topic to this method,
then the same code could be used to send to either a queue or a topic.
Anyway, back to my main method,
where I need to change the parameters back to be
more suitable to call this method.
So I'm going to go back to the generic ConnectionFactory,
Connection, and session objects, and I change the call to sendTextMessageToTopic.
Again, let's compile and run this, which takes a second or two.
And then back in the Admin console, I now click on the Topics link,
where if I scroll down, I can see a new topic called TEST_TOPIC,
which has one message on it.
Jumping back to the code again,
I'm going to show you the topic session-specific implementation of this as well.
Copying the sendTextMessageToTopic method as a basis,
I'll change the second parameter to take a topic session object,
hmm,
looks like I actually forgot to rename the topic object
parameter in the previous example, so let's do that here,
and also change its usage within the createProducer method.
Actually, rather than calling createProducer,
I'm going to change it to call createPublisher,
which returns a type of topic publisher,
which we can still use to send the message to the topic using the send method.
Back to the main method,
and again I'm going to change the ConnectionFactory connection and
session objects to be the topic-specific variants.
Once again, let's compile and run the application,
and when complete, jump back into the Admin console.
I'll refresh the Topics view, and this time I can now see two messages on the topic.